README.md, before:

Vagrant-Selenium
==============
_Last edited on **3rd, July 2015** by **Abimbola Esuruoso**_

This is a project for attaching selenium nodes from a guest OS (*which is managed by Vagrant*) to a selenium hub on a host machine.

Follow the tutorial below to create and install a windows base box on your system. It is important to note that steps 1-3 are only necessary because the modern ie base boxes *at present* do not have [Windows Remote Management service (winrm)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WS-Management) enabled by default.

After that, simply run `vagrant up` to start the vm and connect the node to selenium grid on your local machine (Obviously, you should start selenium grid as a hub for that to work!).

How To Create A Windows Base Box for Vagrant
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This guide was made following instructions on the [Vagrant website](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/) and two other tutorials:

- Windows Base Box Configuration Tutorial : https://gist.github.com/uchagani/48d25871e7f306f1f8af
- Windows Box Provisioning Tutorial: http://kwilson.me.uk/blog/provisioning-a-windows-server-vagrant-box-with-iis-net-4-5-and-octopus-deploy/

 **Note**: You need to download Vagrant from the Vagrant website (http://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) ... the PPA distribution has some known issues

 **Note**: The modern ie images do not have ssh or winrm configured by default. You will need to enable and configure winrm via the Virtualbox
	gui as explained in Step 3.

### Instructions
1. Download the windows image from the [Modern IE website](http://dev.modern.ie/tools/vms/)

2. Add the image to Virtual box and give it a name:

	*File -> Import Appliance -> /path/to/image*

3. Start the VM, follow **ALL** the instructions at [this tutorial](https://gist.github.com/uchagani/48d25871e7f306f1f8af) for the required setup steps for a windows box

    > **Note**: Powershell scripting is disabled by default on Windows.
    
    > To enable it, open a **command prompt** in administrator mode and run the following command:
    
    > `set-executionpolicy remotesigned`

4. Shutdown the VM and create the Vagrant base box using the following command:

	`vagrant package --base [name of the image in Virtual box]`

	See: http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/virtualbox/boxes.html for more info..

	*Search for*: "**packaging the box**"

5. Add the box to Vagrant's list of base boxes:

	`vagrant box add [name of the box] /path/to/the/new.box`

6. Install the Vagrant vb-guest plugin using the following command:

	`vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest`

7. Create a directory for the vagrant box, and run the following from that directory

	`vagrant init [name of box] e.g.`

8. Run `vagrant up` to test the box, have fun!

Commit message:

Added more links to the README.md

README.md, after:

Vagrant-Selenium
==============
_Last edited on **3rd, July 2015** by **Abimbola Esuruoso**_

This is a project for attaching selenium nodes from a guest OS (*which is managed by Vagrant*) to a selenium hub on a host machine.

Follow the tutorial below to create and install a windows base box on your system. It is important to note that steps 1-3 are only necessary because the modern ie base boxes *at present* do not have [Windows Remote Management service (winrm)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WS-Management) enabled by default.

After that, simply run `vagrant up` to start the vm and connect the node to selenium grid on your local machine (Obviously, you should start selenium grid as a hub for that to work!).

How To Create A Windows Base Box for Vagrant
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This guide was made following instructions on the [Vagrant website](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/) and two other tutorials:

- Windows Base Box Configuration Tutorial : https://gist.github.com/uchagani/48d25871e7f306f1f8af
- Windows Box Provisioning Tutorial: http://kwilson.me.uk/blog/provisioning-a-windows-server-vagrant-box-with-iis-net-4-5-and-octopus-deploy/

 **Note**: You need to download Vagrant from the Vagrant website (http://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) ... the PPA distribution has some known issues

 **Note**: The modern ie images do not have ssh or winrm configured by default. You will need to enable and configure winrm via the Virtualbox
	gui as explained in Step 3.

### Instructions
1. Download the windows image from the [Modern IE website](http://dev.modern.ie/tools/vms/)

2. Add the image to Virtual box and give it a name:

	*File -> Import Appliance -> /path/to/image*

3. Start the VM, follow **ALL** the instructions at [this tutorial](https://gist.github.com/uchagani/48d25871e7f306f1f8af) for the required setup steps for a windows box

    > **Note**: Powershell scripting is disabled by default on Windows.
    
    > To enable it, open a **command prompt** in administrator mode and run the following command:
    
    > `set-executionpolicy remotesigned`

4. Shutdown the VM and create the Vagrant base box using the following command:

	`vagrant package --base [name of the image in Virtual box]`

	See: http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/virtualbox/boxes.html for more info..

	*Search for*: "**packaging the box**"

5. Add the box to Vagrant's list of base boxes:

	`vagrant box add [name of the box] /path/to/the/new.box`

	See: http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/boxes/base.html for more info..

	*Search for*: "**testing the box**"

6. Install the Vagrant vb-guest plugin using the following command:

	`vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest`

	See: https://github.com/dotless-de/vagrant-vbguest for more info..

7. Create a directory for the vagrant box, and run the following from that directory

	`vagrant init [name of box]`

	See: http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/boxes/base.html for more info..

	*Search for*: "**testing the box**"

8. Run `vagrant up` to test the box, have fun!
